Removed `--float-mode` option from the `ydb workload tpch run` and `ydb workload tpcds run` commands (#23327)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/apps/ydb/CHANGELOG.md

> * Added `auto` value to `--float-mode` option of `ydb workload tpch run` and `ydb workload tpcds run` commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `auto` as a supported value for the `--float-mode` option in the `ydb workload tpch run` and `ydb workload tpcds run` commands.
```
